The i18n support added (#36)
editor-js/list: README.md

},
```

## I18n support

This tool supports the [i18n api](https://editorjs.io/i18n-api).

> To localize the UI texts, put this object to your dictionary to the `tools` section:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To localize UI labels, put this object to your i18n dictionary under the `tools` section:
```
